DOC-5646: Transaction validator (#1958)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.12/enterprise/node/operating/tvu/tvu-cli-examples.md

---
date: '2023-12-20'
section_menu: corda-enterprise-4-12
menu:
  corda-enterprise-4-12:
    identifier: corda-enterprise-4-12-tvu-cli-examples
    parent: corda-enterprise-4-12-tvu-cli
tags:
- tvu cli
- tvu
- transaction validator utility
title: TVU CLI command examples
weight: 100
---

# TVU CLI command examples

The TVU tool streams and validates all the transactions from a provided database. This database can be provided directly by the user using `-d` or `--datasource` CLI option or can be picked up from a `node.conf` file when the node’s base directory is given using the `-b` or `--base-directory` CLI option.

> 

Reviewer: The following CLI command examples assume you have a node installation available with transactions in the database and the associated CorDapps in the node cordapps directory.

Author: Added a note

> The following section provides you with the examples of how you can use the TVU CLI commands in practice. You can modify and use the provided TVU CLI command examples so they work in your project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following section provides you with examples of how to use the TVU CLI commands. You can modify and use the provided TVU CLI command examples to work in your project.
```

Author: updated

> ## Deserialize transactions using a CorDapp

Reviewer: I suggest change to "Verify all transations in a db"
Intent:

Verifies all transactions in the database, with progress being recorded.

Command:  java -jar .....

@suhas-srivastava Can you provide full command line

Reviewer 3: Command: `java -jar transaction-validator.jar -d dataSource.url=jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/postgres -d dataSource.user=postgres -d dataSource.password=my_password -d dataSourceClassName=org.postgresql.ds.PGSimpleDataSource -l register.txt --cordapp-dir /Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/libs`

Author: Updated

> Intent:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows you how to:
```

* Connect to the datasource given (`-d` option).
* Register and reload progress from the `register.txt` file (`-l` option).
* Use CorDapp in `/Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/libs` directory to deserialize transactions (`--cordapp-dir` option).

> Command: `-d dataSource.url=jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/postgres -d dataSource.user=postgres -d dataSource.password=my_password -d dataSourceClassName=org.postgresql.ds.PGSimpleDataSource -l register.txt --cordapp-dir /Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/libs`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
-d dataSource.url=jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/postgres -d dataSource.user=postgres -d dataSource.password=my_password -d dataSourceClassName=org.postgresql.ds.PGSimpleDataSource -l register.txt --cordapp-dir /Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/libs
```
```

> ## Load transactions for a given timestamp

Reviewer: Change to "Verify transactions from a given timestamp"

@suhas-srivastava need full command from java -jar...

Reviewer 3: Command: `java -jar transaction-validator.jar -b /Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA --load-tx-time 2023-10-10T10:41:39.808179Z`

Author: Changed

> Intent:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows you how to:
```

> * Connect to the node database from reading `node.conf` in `/Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA` (`-b` option).

Reviewer 3: I am not sure, but I think it'd be better to give absolute paths that do not supply the developer's information as documentation for the user's reference.
For e.g. `/Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA` can be changed to something that does not hold developer/r3 internal information as `/Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA`

Author: changed

* Load transactions having transaction time greater than or equal to `2023-10-10T10:41:39.808179Z` (`--load-tx-time` option).

> Command: `-b /Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA --load-tx-time 2023-10-10T10:41:39.808179Z`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
-b /Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA --load-tx-time 2023-10-10T10:41:39.808179Z
```
```

> Command: `-b /Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA --load-tx-time 2023-10-10T10:41:39.808179Z`

Reviewer 3: I am not sure, but I think it'd be better to give absolute paths that do not supply the developer's information as documentation for the user's reference.
For e.g. /Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA can be changed to something that does not hold developer/r3 internal information as /Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA

> ## Load transactions from a specific file

Reviewer: Change to something like Verify specific identified transactions

Reviewer 3: The new CLI Command to load tx from id file and connect to db using datasource properties: `-d dataSource.url=jdbc:postgresql://localhost:5432/postgres -d dataSource.user=postgres -d dataSource.password=my_password -d dataSourceClassName=org.postgresql.ds.PGSimpleDataSource -i /Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/enterprise/Ids.txt`

Author: changed

> Intent:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows you how to:
```

> * Connect to the node database from reading `node.conf` in `/Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA` (`-b` option).

Reviewer 3: I am not sure, but I think it'd be better to give absolute paths that do not supply the developer's information as documentation for the user's reference.
For e.g. /Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA can be changed to something that does not hold developer/r3 internal information as /Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA

Author: changed

> * Only load transactions given in `/Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/enterprise/Ids.txt` file (`-i` option).

Reviewer 3: I am not sure, but I think it'd be better to give absolute paths that do not supply the developer's information as documentation for the user's reference.
For e.g. `/Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/enterprise/Ids.txt` can be changed to something that does not hold developer/r3 internal information as `/Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/enterprise/Ids.txt`

Author: changed

> Command: `-b /Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA  -i /Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/enterprise/Ids.txt`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
-b /Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA  -i /Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/enterprise/Ids.txt
```
```

> Command: `-b /Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA  -i /Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/enterprise/Ids.txt`

Reviewer 3: Id(s) file `-i /Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/enterprise/Ids.txt` can be given as `-i /Users/cordallp/corda/IdeaProjects/corda/enterprise/Ids.txt`

> Command: `-b /Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA  -i /Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/enterprise/Ids.txt`

Reviewer 3: Same path edit as suggested in previous comments.

Author: changed

## Perform user-supplied task

> Intent:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This example shows you how to:
```

> * Connect to the node database from reading `node.conf` in `/Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA` (`-b` option).

Reviewer 3: Same path edit as suggested in previous comments.

Author: changed

* Do not validate transactions but perform a user-supplied task defined in the `net.corda.tvu.LogTransaction` class for each transaction.

> Command: `-b /Users/suhas.srivastava/IdeaProjects/corda/cordapp-template-java/build/nodes/PartyA -c net.corda.tvu.LogTransaction`

Reviewer 3: Same path edit as suggested in previous comments.

Author: changed
